Update the readme, and some workflow/values cleanup/prettying (#14)
honeycombio/raas-hnytest: README.md

# Honeycomb Refinery Cluster

> This repository is for deploying and managing Refinery on a Kubernetes cluster, as well as some additional monitoring functions for monitoring the use of Kubernetes resources as well as monitoring your Refinery cluster in Honeycomb via the metrics sent to Honeycomb by Refinery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository has terraform and helm configurations to:

1. Configure a Refinery cluster
1. Install the Refinery 
1. Install opentelemetry collectors into the cluster to observe health and performance
1. Use terraform to configure triggers in Honeycomb
1. The GitHub actions to handle deployment and reconfiguration
```

# Honeycomb Refinery Cluster

> This repository has terraform and helm configurations to:

Reviewer 2: I worry this might give the impression that we have both TF _and_ helm bits for installing/configuring Refinery.
```suggestion
This repository demonstrates best practices for using Helm to deploy Refinery, and Terraform to manage Honeycomb objects.
```
